[GEOS-10739] Contact information user interface feedback for welcome message (#6337)
geoserver/geoserver: doc/en/user/source/configuration/virtual-services.rst

> To disable global services log into the GeoServer web administration interface and navigate to "Global Settings". Uncheck the "Enable Global Services" check box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable global services, log into the GeoServer web administration interface and navigate to "Global Settings". Uncheck the "Enable Global Services" check box.
```

   .. figure:: img/global-services.jpg

.. _workspace_isolated:

> Isolated Workspaces

Reviewer: Not sure why this ended up in a PR about the welcome message.

Reviewer 2: I did not write this, it was removed from the workspace reference page.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Isolated workspaces content is only visible and queryable in the context of a virtual service bound to the isolated workspace. This means that isolated workspaces content will not show up in global capabilities documents and global services cannot query isolated workspaces contents. Is worth mentioning that those restrictions don't apply to the REST API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Isolated workspaces content is only visible and queryable in the context of a virtual service bound to the isolated workspace. This means that isolated workspaces content will not show up in global capabilities documents and global services cannot query isolated workspaces contents. Note that these restrictions do not apply to the REST API.
```
